It was five of us in total. Me, Ty,
Matt, Reese, and the pilot.
His name was Rick. Old guy, maybe late
50s, worn out hoodie, work boots, lace
to the ankle. Didn't say much beyond
basic safety instructions.
He met us in a clearing past the last
subdivision, just this empty stretch of
field that smelled like burned grass. No
fences, no signs.
The basket was already upright, balloon
half filled and swaying.
And Tai booked the ride on a whim. Found
it on some forum said that it'd be about
45 minutes in the air. Sunset flight,
smooth, scenic.
The post said, "Bring a jacket."
That was all.
We took off at 7:15, still light out,
barely. The burner roared overhead,
loud, but somehow comforting, and the
balloon rose clean. No lurch, no pull,
just this
silent lift that made the whole thing
feel like a trick.
Rick barely looked at us once we were
up. Just worked the burner, adjusted the
cords while we passed our houses that
looked like Monopoly pieces.
The air felt thick with sunwarm silence.
At first, it was fun.
Tai cracked jokes. Matt was filming on
his phone. Reese leaned over the edge
more than I was comfortable with,
spitting once just to see how long it
took to disappear.
I was quiet,
watching shadows crawl across the ground
as the light slept west.
It felt calm
until it didn't.
I can't say exactly when it changed.
Maybe 15, 20 minutes in. The trees
looked darker, longer.
The fields were endless. No more houses,
no roads, just an ocean of green that
turned black the second the sun dropped
below the hills.
I looked at Regg.
He was still standing with one hand on
the burner valve, staring ahead like he
was like he was waiting for something.
His expression hadn't changed since
takeoff. Tai asked, "How long until we
come back down?
No response.
Rick didn't move. He didn't blink. Reese
laughed nervously. Hey man, you good?
Still nothing.
Matt reached out and touched his
shoulder. Rick didn't react. He was
breathing, but stiff, frozen, like he'd
fallen asleep with his eyes open. The
burner fired again. Flame roared above
us.
We were still climbing.
I could feel it in my ears. Pressure
building.
Wind had vanished. The trees were just a
dark smear now. No lights below. Just
just no signs of life.
I think we're too high, I said.
Reese stepped back from the edge. I
don't see anything anymore. No town, no
glow. Shouldn't we be seeing like street
lights or something? Tai's voice was
tighter now. What is this, man?
Nobody had an answer.
Ben Rick moved.
Not much, just a shift in his weight. A
small turn. His eyes scan past us, not
quite making contact. He let go of the
burner, walked to the edge of the
basket.
No buildup,
no words, no warning.
He climbed over the edge.
We all froze.
Ty grabbed the side. Yo. Yo, what the
hell are you?
But Rick was halfway over, one leg
dangling, calm as anything.
And then he stepped off.
gone.
No scream, no no no thud, no flutter of
clothes, just
gone.
We rushed to the edge, looked down.
Darkness.
At first, I thought I saw something.
Movement below, a shadow against
shadows. Then Ree spoke almost a
whisper.
"There's another one."
"What?" Matt asked. "Look," he pointed.
Below us, another balloon, identical,
same striped envelope, same wicker
basket, same shape.
Four figures inside, all standing, all
looking up. I followed Reese's gaze
upward
above us.
Another balloon.
Same balloon.
Four more figures all facing down.
None of them moved.
The air got colder. Matt stepped back,
shaking his head. The [__] is this?
What? What is this?
We started pulling the emergency cord
over and over.
Nothing happened.
We're not descending. I said,
"Why are we going down?"
The burner hissed again,
still climbing.
The four of us pressed in close now, no
one talking, just breathing harder,
watching the balloons above and below
like mirrors in the sky.
They weren't reflections.
They weren't delayed. They weren't
random.
Each one of them
It was us.
Same heights,
same builds, same silhouettes.
Matt spoke voice tight. That's That's
not possible,
right?
That That's not Shut up. Ty said, "Just
shut up for a second."
The balloon above us was drifting lower
slowly, like it was being drawn to us.
I felt at first a low shift in the air
pressure, like something large was
coming towards us without making a
sound. Then Ree stepped towards the
edge. Matt caught his arm. Don't.
Reese didn't look at him. Didn't say
anything.
He climbed up. I moved to stop him. Too
late.
He stepped over.
Gone.
Just
gone.
We rushed to the side. Balloon below.
Three figures now.
Ty started backing into the corner of
the basket, staring at us. Then down.
Then up again. His voice was cracking.
He's down there. That's him. That's
That's Reese down there.
Matt was breathing heavy. This isn't
real. This isn't
This isn't real.
I leaned back against the burner frame.
My chest hurt.
My fingers were numb.
Above us, the balloon was closer. Much,
much closer.
I could make out details now. One of the
figures was leaning towards, elbows on
the edge, looking straight at me. He
didn't blink.
I think
I think he was me.
It's just three of us now. Me, Ty, and
Matt.
Reese is gone.
Rick, too.
The balloon keeps climbing.
The one above is maybe 50 ft away now. I
can see its stripes more clearly.
Yellow, red, dark green like ours. The
envelope flickers softly in the moonless
dark, almost glowing from the heat of
its own burner. And the people inside,
they don't move. They just
stare.
I tried yelling.
No reaction.
Tai won't stop whispering. It's like
he's talking to himself.
But low and fast like he doesn't want us
to hear.
I saw his jacket. He says
Ree.
He's wearing his jacket down there.
Matt finally snaps. We don't know that.
You didn't see anything.
I did. Ty hisses louder now.
You just don't want to believe it.
They start arguing. I I can't follow it.
I'm focused on the horizon,
if there even is one.
It's all black now.
The air is thin,
cold.
My skin feels dry,
like my body's trying to shrink itself.
And then I see the lights,
just three, out in the dark below us.
A faint glow, barely visible at first
and then clearer.
A barn
wide and sagging in the middle. One side
caved in. A factory windowless except
one tall smoke stack with a faint
flickering light behind a window near
the roof. A church,
long, narrow, crooked spire pointing
into the void.
We pass over them.
"Did you see that?"
I ask.
Matt nods. Yeah.
Ty doesn't answer. He's pacing, arms
crossed, tight across his chest. His
lips are moving, but he isn't saying
anything out loud anymore.
5 minutes later, maybe 10.
Then the buildings come back.
Same exact
buildings,
same broken barn, same crooked spire,
same flickering factory window.
Okay, Matt murmur.
That's not possible. That's not
I counted the shingles. I whispered.
That's the same barn.
ties in the corner and he's pulled up to
his chest. Now we drift in silence. The
burner fires again. And now,
now I realize something worse.
We're not just drifting past the
buildings. We're
We're stuck on them.
A loop like a like a cheap simulation.
Like the world below was just wallpaper.
the same strip of terrain playing again
and again and again.
Where the hell are we?
Matt whispers.
No one answers.
The balloon above closer now. I can see
the face of the one leaning over.
He's got my build,
my shoulders.
His head tilts slightly when I move like
a reflection slacking.
And then Matt goes still.
His eyes are fixed on something behind
me.
Someone's coming down.
I turn
from the balloon above. One figure is
climbing
hand over hand, slow down the rope
netting, legs swinging slightly with a
breeze, steady.
No fear in how he moves like he knows
exactly where he's going.
I take a step back, head thuing hard
enough to hurt.
Tai starts rocking now, mumbling
something rhythmically faster and
faster.
Matt
stares at the climbing figure like he's
frozen.
And then
Matt bolts.
He doesn't say a word, just runs to the
edge and jumps. He doesn't hesitate. He
doesn't cry out.
gone.
I spin. I grab the side. Balloon below.
Two figures now. Me and Ty.
I stagger back. My breathing too fast. I
feel like my body's turning inside out.
The figure from above is almost here. I
could hear the soft creek of the rope
ladder now. The wooden clunk of his foot
landing on the basket.
I don't want to look,
but I do.
He stands a few feet away.
Same height, same jacket, same hands,
face in shadow.
But I know.
I know it's me.
He just stares.
tilts his head then tilts it back the
other way. Not mocking,
not curious, just
copying.
Tai finally screams.
It's sudden and it's raw and it's loud
in the dead air. He jumps to his feet
and points. There's more, he yells.
I look
the balloon below. It's no longer just
one.
There's two
stack slightly offset. Both rising
and above us,
another's appeared
higher still.
I don't understand.
It's not just one above and one below
anymore. It's layered. Dozens of them
going up, going down.
Some of them have baskets filled with
people. Some of them have none.
Some have me.
The one in our basket hasn't moved.
Still staring. Still watching.
I don't
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Ty backs away, arms trembling. Then he
grabs the burner valve and yanks it. The
flame shoots up with a scream of gas. He
pulls again and again. No control, just
panic. We have to get out, he mutters.
It's going to keep going. It doesn't
end. I shout at him, but it's no use.
He's lost it. He steps to the edge, one
foot over. No, tight.
He looks at me
just once
and then he falls backwards into the
darkness.
The balloon below. Just one figure now.
Me
and the other.
He's still staring.
We're both standing here in the same
basket. The burner cuts off.
No flame, no sound,
no movement.
We just float
above and below. copies of us.
I sit down slowly, staring into the
black.
Then I hear the wind shift just a
little.
The copy of me walks over,
sits beside me, not touching, just
sitting.
We stare out together at the horizon
where the barn,
the factory, and the church
repeat again for the fifth time.
I'm not sure which one of us is the real
me anymore.
I've been writing this for a dozen or so
cycles now.
If you can see this, then I guess my
phone has reception.
And you know what I've had to do.
[Music]
Hey there kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. And as always, I
want to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. You guys
have been there when I'm struggling like
I have over the past year and it
sincerely helps me stay alive. So, thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Panimmonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Gens, Croat
508, Crusader Choco, Curse Pox, Primark,
Dakota Best, Dop Pollson, Dante Concade,
Dina Krauss, Ellie Hutmire, Enchanted
Buns, Estamine, Jenna Holly, Hades
Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Hour Minute Seconds
Time, Jay Kees, Jennis Pet, Jordan
Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus Blitz, Old
Penguin, Peaceful Buddha, Psychomel, Red
Shadow Cat, Remember the Sun, Rinku
Star, Salty Surprise, Samine, Secclude,
Simba's Buddy Mojo, Sky Harbor, Smiley
Psychotic, Sully Man, Ty Sue, The Chavez
Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrcypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. And sweet dreams.
[Music]